= Author
Veerasundaravel Thirugnanasundaram <veerasundaravel@gmail.com>

http://veerasundaravel.wordpress.com/2011/01/27/facebook-registration-plugin-in-rails/

= Synopsis
facebook_registration is a ruby library for displaying new Facebook Registration form and to parse to signed_request.
[http://developers.facebook.com/docs/plugins/registration]


=== Installation
  sudo gem install facebook_registration


=== Using Gem in Rails
Once you installed the gem, you will need to configure your Facebook app in config/facebooker.yml.

You can copy facebooker.yml file which one is already available in this Root directory.


=== Initializing Registration Form

  <%= init_fb_registration %>


=== Displaying Facebook Registration Form

  <%= fb_registration_form("fields" =>"name,email,password", "redirect-uri"=>"http://localhost:3000/fb_registration", "width" =>830) %>

  or 
  
  <%= fb_registration_form("fields" =>"[{'name':'name'}, {'name':'email'}, {'name':'password'}, {'name':'username','description':'Username','type':'text'}, {'name':'like', 'description':'You like this Website', 'type':'checkbox', 'default':'checked'}]", "fb_only"=>false, "redirect-uri"=>"http://localhost:3000/fb_registration", "width" =>830, "onvalidate"=>"validate_async") %>
  
Available parameters:

redirect-uri: The URI that will process the signed_request. It must be prefixed by your Site URL.
fields: Comma separated list of Named Fields, or JSON of Custom Fields.
fb_only: Optional. (boolean) Only allow users to register by linking their Facebook profile. Use this if you do not have your own registration system. Default: false.
width: Optional. (int) The width of the iframe in pixels. If the width is < 520 the plugin will render in a small layout.
onvalidate: Javascript function for client side validate of form inputs. And more...


For more form field specifications refer these urls: 
  http://developers.facebook.com/docs/plugins/registration#named_fields 
  http://developers.facebook.com/docs/plugins/registration#custom_fields


=== Accessing profile informations
  After displaying the form, you can register their details and they will be redirected to the url which one you have specified as redirect-uri. 
  
  So in our case, you can parse the Facebook profile informations in the action fb_registration as follows:
  
  FacebookRegistration::SignedRequest.parse(params["signed_request"])
  
  it will return the output as follows:
  
  {"expires"=>1295964000, "registration_metadata"=>{"fields"=>"[{'name':'name'}, {'name':'location'}, {'name':'email'}]"}, "algorithm"=>"HMAC-SHA256", "registration"=>{"name"=>"Veera Sundaravel", "location"=>{"name"=>"Chennai, Tamil Nadu", "id"=>000000000}, "email"=>"veeraa2003@gmail.com"}, "user_id"=>"111111111", "oauth_token"=>"1212121212|2.9vzjKsatvaser_dStgereokRhg__.360220.1295964000-daff1|rsfsfasdfasdfasd", "user"=>{"country"=>"us", "locale"=>"en_US"}, "issued_at"=>1295956965}
